c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\BookStore.dll.config
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\BookStore.dll
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\BookStore.pdb
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\BookStore.Domain.dll
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\Moq.dll
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\BookStore.Domain.pdb
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\Moq.xml
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\Ninject.pdb
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\obj\Debug\BookStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\obj\Debug\BookStore.dll
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\obj\Debug\BookStore.pdb
C:\Users\Roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\DevRain.Data.Extracting.dll
C:\Users\Roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\Roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\Roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\Roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\DotNetXmlHttpRequest.dll
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\BookStore.dll.config
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\BookStore.dll
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\BookStore.pdb
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\BookStore.Domain.dll
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\DevRain.Data.Extracting.dll
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\DotNetXmlHttpRequest.dll
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\BookStore.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\Moq.xml
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\Ninject.pdb
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\obj\Debug\BookStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\obj\Debug\BookStore.dll
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\booksstore\BookStore\obj\Debug\BookStore.pdb
